1046 polish docs (#1047)
ThinkR-open/golem: vignettes/a_start.Rmd

### Create a package

Once the package is installed, you can got to _File > New Project..._ in RStudio, and choose _"Package for Shiny App Using golem"_ input:

```{r, echo=FALSE, out.width="80%", fig.align="center", eval=TRUE}
knitr::include_graphics("golemtemplate.png")
```

> If you want to do it inside `R` use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to do it directly via the command line, use:
```
